excludeactor DD_BloodyTwitch
excludeactor DD_NonSolidTwitch
excludeactor DD_Meat2
excludeactor DD_Meat3
excludeactor DD_Meat4
excludeactor DD_Meat5
excludeactor DD_Meat2b
excludeactor DD_Meat3b
excludeactor DD_Meat4b
excludeactor DD_Meat5b
excludeactor DD_Hang1NG
excludeactor DD_Hang2NB
excludeactor DD_Hang3TLD
excludeactor DD_HAng4TLU
excludeactor DD_HangTSK
excludeactor DD_HangTNB
excludeactor DD_DeadStick
excludeactor DD_livestick
excludeactor DD_HeadStick
excludeactor DD_HeadsStick
excludeactor DD_HangingCorpse
excludeactor DD_EvilierEye

